README.md, before:

# Flutter Documentation

Here you will find the mean concepts and the elemental stuff that you need to understand about **Flutter**. You will  also find some links to sample projects. Those projects can help you to understand better who you can use Flutter in your own project.

[![Flutter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codelessly/FlutterWebsite/master/screenshots/Flutter%20Website%20Desktop.png)](https://flutter.dev/)

## What is Flutter?

**Flutter** is a free and an open source Google's UI toolkit that allows us to build applications for different plataforms, such as mobile, web, and desktop. The best part is that we can do that by using a single codebase.  

### History

The first version of Flutter was known as "Sky" and annaunced in 2015. 

On December 4, 2018, Flutter 1.0 was released, and denoting as the first "stable" version of the Framework.

On December 11, 2019, Flutter 1.12 was released at the Flutter Interactive event.

On May 6, 2020, the Dart SDK in version 2.8 and the Flutter in version 1.17.0 were released.

The last stable release of the Framework was Flutter 1.22.5 (on December 10, 2020).  

### Advantages 

The main advantage that Flutter offerts to us are the following:

- *Fast development*

    ????

- *Expressive and Flexible UI*

    ????

- *Native Performance*

    ????

### Disadvantages   

### Installation 

Flutter is available for Windows, macOS, and Linux. 
You can installed by following the instructions described in its [official website](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install).

After that, you need to [set up the code editor of your preference](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/editor?tab=vscode).

## Projects

1) [Startup namer](https://github.com/ylruiz/startup_namer) 

## References

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flutter_(software)
- https://flutter.dev/

Commit message:

Adding important commands + their respective desc

README.md, after:

# Flutter Documentation

Here you will find the mean concepts and the elemental stuff that you need to understand about **Flutter**. You will  also find some links to sample projects. Those projects can help you to understand better who you can use Flutter in your own project.

[![Flutter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codelessly/FlutterWebsite/master/screenshots/Flutter%20Website%20Desktop.png)](https://flutter.dev/)

## What is Flutter?

**Flutter** is a free and an open source Google's UI toolkit that allows us to build applications for different plataforms, such as mobile, web, and desktop. The best part is that we can do that by using a single codebase.  

### History

The first version of Flutter was known as "Sky" and annaunced in 2015. 

On December 4, 2018, Flutter 1.0 was released, and denoting as the first "stable" version of the Framework.

On December 11, 2019, Flutter 1.12 was released at the Flutter Interactive event.

On May 6, 2020, the Dart SDK in version 2.8 and the Flutter in version 1.17.0 were released.

The last stable release of the Framework was Flutter 1.22.5 (on December 10, 2020).  

### Advantages 

The main advantage that Flutter offerts to us are the following:

- *Fast development*

    ????

- *Expressive and Flexible UI*

    ????

- *Native Performance*

    ????

### Disadvantages   

### Installation 

Flutter is available for Windows, macOS, and Linux. 
You can installed by following the instructions described in its [official website](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install).

After that, you need to [set up the code editor of your preference](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/editor?tab=vscode).

## Important commands

| Command | Description |
|------|------|
| **$ flutter create my_project_name** | This allows us to create a new project |
| **$ flutter doctor** | This is one of the command line commands from the Flutter SDK which allows us to diagnose issues with our setup for building Andorid and iOS apps. |
| **$ flutter channel beta </br> $ flutter upgrade </br> $ flutter config --enable-web** | It allows us to compile your app on the web enabling this feature (which is currently beta). |
| **$ flutter devices** | This allows us to see the list of connected devices in which you an emulate your app. |
| **$ flutter run** | This allows us to run the app. |
| **$ flutter pub get** | This allows us to put the package into our project, and auto-generates the pubspec.lack file with the list of all packages pulled into the project and their version numbers. | 
| $ flutter format <filename> | Thsi allows us to format out code. |

</br>

| Flutter run key commands | Description |
| ------ | ------- |
| **r** | Hot reload |
| **R** | Hot restart |
| **h** | Repeat this help message |
| **d** | Detach (terminate "flutter run" but leave application running) |
| **c** | Clear the screen |
| **q** | Quit (terminate the application on the device) |

</br>

## Projects

1) [Startup namer](https://github.com/ylruiz/startup_namer) 

## References

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flutter_(software)
- https://flutter.dev/
